TW-947 Publishing APIs to API Network (#4605)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/public-api-network/overview/intro.md

---
title: "API Network Overview"
updated: 2023-02-01
---

> 

Reviewer: Could we make the file name more descriptive? Something like: `api-network-overview.md`

> Share your APIs to 20M+ users in the world’s largest public API hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Share your APIs to 20M+ users in the world’s largest public API hub.
```

Reviewer: Instead of "hub", can we use "network"?

Author: Sounds good to me!

Reviewer: This is now updated.

> At Postman, we’ve always been passionate about successful API calls and supporting greater collaboration—and innovation. Postman Collections and workspaces were created to provide developers with what they need for those successful API calls. Our public workspaces empower API developers to view, share, and consume your APIs and all the elements that you publish. And it’s totally free of charge. It’s never been easier to present your APIs to the global API community. With more than 57,000 public workspaces and 125,000 collections already in the network, it has become the world’s largest public API hub. Here’s why more and more teams and global enterprises are joining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Postman, we’ve always been passionate about successful API calls and supporting greater collaboration and innovation. Postman Collections and workspaces were created to provide developers with what they need for those successful API calls. Our public workspaces empower API developers to view, share, and consume your APIs and all the elements that you publish. And it’s free of charge. It has never been easier to present your APIs to the global API community. With more than 57,000 public workspaces and 125,000 collections already in the network, it has become the world’s largest public API hub. Here’s why more and more teams and global enterprises are joining.
```

Reviewer: Also in this section, can we use "network" instead of "hub".

**Question**: Is the last sentence introducing the "Key Benefits of the Postman Public API Network" section?

Reviewer: This is now updated.

> ## Key Benefits of the Postman Public API Network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Key benefits of the Postman Public API Network:
```

- Enhance developer and partner onboarding with a faster “time to first API call”
- Increase adoption of your public APIs using Postman Collections that inspire users with fresh use cases and exciting functionality
- Increase discovery in organic search results and Postman search results

> - Collaborate publicly with partners in joint workspaces to build integrations and applications

Reviewer: By "joint workspaces", are we referring to "Partner Workspaces"?

- Gather product feedback through API usage and community comments

> - Work directly with our developer relations and marketing teams on optimizing the visibility of your workspace through co-marketing opportunities that take engagement a step further

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Work with our developer relations and marketing teams to optimize your workspace's visibility through co-marketing opportunities
```

> - Leverage the public workspace as a hub to own your brand, with multiple options to promote your content and social media

Reviewer: When we say "the public workspace as a hub", are we referring to the "Public API Network"? Can you please clarify?

Reviewer: This is now updated.

> ## Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```
